My name is Reeta.
My son is Jackson,
and my daughter is Sherina.
It’s just the three of us.
I have been working
on a tea estate as a tea picker.
One day, I prayed to God very hard.
I said,
“Please help me to learn about the Bible.”
Within two days,
Jehovah’s Witnesses came
and knocked on my door,
and I agreed to study the Bible.
I couldn’t believe it.
I only prayed yesterday,
asking God to help me to study the Bible.
Our meetings begin at 4:45 p.m.,
but we have to get ready by 12 o’clock
to attend the meetings.
So we prepare our bags
on Wednesday night.
I carry two big bags
on my shoulders
and walk for three and a half kilometers (2 mi)
to get to the meetings on time.
We love seeing our brothers.
That’s why we always
go to the meetings early.
I have been pioneering now
for a year and six months.
There is no greater happiness
than what comes from pioneering.
This is a onetime opportunity.
That is why we decided that we should
give the best that we can to Jehovah.
Now I am so happy to be serving this way.
One time, I was not paid at all.
I didn’t even have a rupee.
On that day, my children and I ate well.
But after eating,
we were very worried
about what we were going
to do the following day.
So that night,
I said a prayer with the kids
and we read the Bible.
Jesus said,
‘Don’t worry about tomorrow.’
So I trusted that somehow
Jehovah would give us what we needed.
It was 10:30 at night.
I was fast asleep, and the phone rang.
Usually no one calls this late,
so I wondered,
‘Who could be calling me this late?’
I picked up the phone,
and it was a brother on the line.
He said, “Sister,
go to your bookshelf
and take the Greatest Man book.”
Then he asked me to turn to a page.
When I turned to that page,
there were 10,000 rupees (about $55, U.S.)
between those pages.
We could not believe our eyes.
It was exactly what we needed
for that month’s expenses.
A few days earlier,
he and his wife had visited us
and secretly left the money
in the book before leaving.
So I thanked Jehovah in prayer with the kids.
Jehovah already knew exactly what we needed
even before we realized it.
Honestly, every night I open the doors,
go outside, and look up at the night sky.
When I look up, I see many stars.
I daily meditate about his wisdom,
his power, what amazing things he is able to do.
This earth, this universe
—how amazingly well he cares for them!
He takes care of the smallest thing.
I completely rely on Jehovah,
and then I remember
that Jehovah has the ability
to help us with his holy spirit.
He’s such a loving Father.
He’s always holding our hand tight,
and no one can separate us from him.
If anyone tries, they will fail.
He’s so generous with his love.
He’s so affectionate with us.
No one can take away
the love Jehovah has for us.